right okay hey guys just bought a new
netbook from a distributor here in
Brisbane which will remain nameless I
bought a new Samsung model the NF 310 I
believe a oh one a you yeah great
so yeah this time I didn't I didn't get
it sent overseas I don't know I was a
bit defeat about about getting some
getting a director stuff so I don't know
I just went with the with the local
distributor so yeah just going to do a
real quick overview so we've got what's
in the box we got I guess instruction
manual and yeah real kind of bare-bones
sort of look so I guess this is probably
the power cord and any other extra
adapters battery batteries their 6 cell
battery not sure on the life I've seen
the life of this thing is going to be
either 8 to 14
I know depends what you look I guess
yeah
so that must this here power cord and
yeah that's the other end of it great so
how it comes out the laptop do this
one-handed like a pro I also we've got
here I can't exactly hold this with my
teeth
so I'll just have to flip it over slowly
but slowly I might have to undo it with
my foot
we go inside go nice product and I did a
lot of research for this guy on the on
the Internet
I bought this for $549 I saw prices for
$400 on the states and I saw prices for
four hundred and seventy dollars across
Australia minimum was about four hundred
and sixty two so again this is the
samsung NF 310 model our netbook very
nice designed I like this design as you
know I've got a samsung phone so this is
going to be go very well with my phone
I'm hoping so yeah there's another look
at it get you can see the size cuz my
camera is pretty crap but you know very
lightweight very good to hold it's got
the chicklet keyboard Oh a pretty short
island island keyboard yeah that's right
there was the I saw some specs saying
that apparently it's a it's waterproof
or as has a spill proof so long as you
shake it off shake it off within about
you know 10 seconds or something like
that
but I'm probably not going to go around
spilling water on my my netbook it's
probably not something you want to be
doing also it's got Samsung easy I'll
share also got this all the content that
DNA I'm gonna be looking at that that's
the share over wireless ad-hoc
thingamajig should be great that's
probably a 4.3 new pixel camera there
and yeah so this this this package comes
with the atom Intel in 55 50 which is a
dual-core it's onboard graphics I
believe 250 GB hard drive and a 1-1 gig
ram expandable to expendable to to you I
believe that's de r3 but it's probably
better to go with ddr2 or something
which everyone says more batteries
that's what I'm after
so yeah lots of lots of keyboard space
yeah we've got the home keys down here
which you probably saw before it's got
all your extra functions at the top I
did want to a keyboard with the home and
end because I'll probably be using it to
do a lot of typing and you know doing
shift I'll probably have to press FN
ctrl shift to do like a complete
document select which is actually very
useful if you want to copy the whole
document and then just you know paste it
to a blog online or something like that
so yeah that's the model a quick review
hopefully you can get to board like that
I'm going to plug it in and give it a go
thanks bye